[Music]
so there you are it's a rainy night
you've called a taxi strangely the
driver doesn't talk you arrived at the
address want to pay cash and run away
screaming there's no driver at the wheel
wait wait wait wait this is not a horror
movie but the near future of
self-driving cars so what's good and bad
about them well let's see no traffic
jams in big cities traffic jams will
disappear when self-driving vehicles go
out on the roads for many people this
will save about 40 hours a year that's
how much the average metropolitan driver
spends in traffic jams no more accidents
the number of accidents will reduce by
about 90% you won't be afraid of someone
suddenly running a red light when you
cross the street crime rate decrease
criminals won't be able to escape from
the police chase in a self-driving car
it can be tracked and stopped remotely
of course they might use an ordinary car
but it won't be easy for them to get
their hands on it in a world where
nobody rides such cars anymore best taxi
in the world in big cities it will be
much cheaper for people to use a taxi
than to have a car of their own many
taxi companies look forward to
self-driving cars filling the streets in
a city without traffic jams taxi waiting
time will be about 38 seconds and the
cost of a ride will be lower
such mobility and convenience will make
ordinary cars pointless fast delivery
how do you usually wait for your pizza
guy in big cities the average waiting
time is around 40 to 80 minutes if the
pizza is delivered by a driverless car
this time will be halved and this
applies to any food perfect future if
the only cars and cities are
self-driving taxis and public transport
there will be no need for garages and
parking lots and the real estate area
will increase all cars will become
electric which is good for ecology and
just imagine no more
parking or speeding tickets
long-distance delivery truck drivers
won't need to spend days or even weeks
on the road all cars for transportation
of woods will be also equipped with an
autopilot this will allow to transport
cargo long distances much faster but
before considering the weaknesses let's
first see how a self-driving car works
in fact the working principle of
self-driving cars is similar to that of
the human body
we have ears nose eyes to analyze
information and react and the
self-driving car has radar sensors and
cameras they become more reliable with
each passing month if not every day a
few years ago cars couldn't stop or
notice an object in the rain but now
they can see and move even during
snowfall it seems that cars will drive
around the city perfectly with such
abilities and that's the main issue
these cars drive too perfectly here's an
example a self-driving car drives along
a busy street and notices someone
standing on the curb a cars internal
system quickly analyzes the situation
and decides that the person is going to
step onto the road the logical reaction
of the computer is to stop and let the
pedestrians pass so the car breaks and
creates an emergency on the road while
the person was not going to cross the
street at all and just stood there
waiting for a friend to cope with such
tasks developers gave some cars of voice
and taught them to beat now if the car
doesn't understand what to do it will
sound the horn like an angry driver
would still there are situations where
beeping won't help such as a bird
crossing the road before the car these
cars have several more disadvantages to
boot
high price a regular self driving car
stuffed with electronics can cost more
than premium conventional cars this
won't be a problem because of the new
taxi development though but I'm getting
ahead of myself
difficulty of development in most cases
repairing an average car is not
difficult you can even do it yourself
without the help of auto mechanics but
if a self-driving car gets broken that's
a much bigger problem even a minor
malfunction can lead to a serious
accident an experienced driver can drive
with a flat tire and a broken headlight
for short distances I might add a
computer though may become confused if a
bug gets inside one of its radars also
the assembly of such machines requires
great attention to detail at the very
beginning companies will produce
impeccable systems to attract as many
customers as they can but when the
product goes into mass production its
quality may decline cybercriminals
a fully electronic car could be a real
treat for criminals adept at messing
with computers imagine that you get into
a self-driving taxi tell it the address
and the car takes you in a completely
different direction more precisely not
the car but a criminal who've got into
its systems environmental issues over
time all self-driving cars will switch
from gas to electricity but until then
there will be even more ecological
concerns than today when you arrive at
your destination and leave the car it
gets busy searching for a place to park
if there's none the car will just drive
around the city and give off exhaust
fumes until you call it back constant
surveillance in an ordinary car you can
go anywhere without anyone knowing of
your location as soon as you sit in a
self-driving car though it will
immediately report to its company
servers your every movement will be
saved
forget about total privacy in a car loss
of jobs not only drivers but developers
of conventional cars may lose their jobs
large car companies will need to adapt
or go bankrupt several million
workplaces could disappear driving
pleasure
many people love to drive the feeling of
speed and complete control give real
pleasure and few people would want to
lose it still there are more advantages
to self-driving cars than disadvantages
and these vehicles will completely
replace conventional ones in the future
what happens then how will the progress
of Auto Transport develop further
developers will focus on entertainment
for passengers the cars will be able to
tell you the exact time of the trip do
you need to arrive at 12:00 sharp okay
the car can intentionally slow down or
increase speed a self-driving car will
turn into a real electronic assistant
with voice control you can set up a
meeting order food or choose a movie the
place where the driver once used to
drive the car can be used instead for a
mini cinema game console or a
mini-fridge people who like to
communicate with the driver will be able
to talk with developed artificial
intelligence the machine will create a
driver hologram and you can change its
appearance imagine that your personal
chauffeur is some superstar the AI will
also be able to maintain an interesting
conversation then cars will go away from
roads and rise into the air yeah just
like in sci-fi movies flying cars are
already in development in fact the
prototypes are equipped with huge
propellers that lift the vehicle into
the air and of course thousands of new
rules for air traffic will be invented
but the coolest thing is that you won't
have to take exams for the driver's
license ever again
yeah we'll see about that ordinary
gas-powered cars will be very difficult
to get they'll become relics in
possession of very rich people a simple
minivan you use for your commute today
will cost more than a million dollars in
the future so hang on to yours such cars
might also get banned for good - in an
attempt to protect the environment
exhaust fumes might become a punishable
offense driving a car on your own though
will become an extreme sport and many
people will want to feel it the
knowledge of old auto mechanics will
become almost lost professionals who
know the engine and other insides of the
car will be able to earn a lot of money
old-school auto mechanics will serve
very wealthy and elite clients well ok
hey maybe the AI driver of the future
will be named Mario either for the famed
Indy race driver or that videogame guy
that'd be fine hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life